Chore(AIGW): Review entity and provider schemas (#5907)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_ai_gateway_entities/ai-consumer-group.md

  - q: How do I assign an AI Consumer to an AI Consumer Group?
    a: |
      Send a `POST` request to the AI Consumer Group's `consumers` endpoint
      (`/v1/ai-gateways/{aiGatewayId}/consumer-groups/{consumerGroupId}/consumers`) with the AI Consumer's

>       `name` or `id` in the `consumer` field. See [Membership](#membership) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `name` or `id` in the `consumer` field. See [Membership](#membership) for more information.
```
This is an FAQ so it's not below at all.

  policies: []
{% endentity_example %}

{:.info}

> > This creates an empty AI Consumer Group with no members. To add AI Consumers to it, see [Membership](#membership) above—there's no `consumers` field on the AI Consumer Group itself; membership is set through a separate endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This creates an empty AI Consumer Group with no members. To add AI Consumers to it, see [Membership](#membership). There's no `consumers` field on the AI Consumer Group itself; membership is set through a separate endpoint.
```
